Added deprecation note for WITH incremental_location = 'explicit_incrementals_URI (#20952)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/_includes/common/sql/incremental-location-warning.md

{{site.data.alerts.callout_danger}}

> The `incremental_location` parameter is deprecated in versions 25.4 and later. If needed, you can continue to work with already existing backups that use a custom `incremental_location` , but this ability will be removed in version 26.2.

Reviewer: The precedent for deprecation notices is to be more vague, like this (see [style guide](https://github.com/cockroachdb/docs/blob/main/StyleGuide.md#speculation-and-feature-support) on this, though that part is about adding and not removing features):

```suggestion
The `incremental_location` parameter is deprecated as of v25.4 and will be removed in a future release. Until the parameter is removed, you can continue to work with existing backups that use a custom `incremental_location`.
```

Not sure if I understood the change correctly, though. Is there any guidance we can offer on how to achieve this functionality by other means? Ideally a deprecation notice also conveys how we want the user to adjust.

(Also note style correction to cited versions.)

Author: Gotcha, thanks for this- I'll check with @alicia-l2 and @msbutler to see if there's anything we want to add in terms of alternatives.
